// Definition
Respecting Colleagues: Having or showing belief in your allies/teammates/co-workers and their success as a whole.

// How To Implement {
Respect sometimes is taken for granted in how important it is, its something we don't often realize
how much it matters in our day to day lives until it is gone completely, and of course,
this applies to businesses, and it is pretty much a REQUIREMENT for businesses if you want to be productive.

// How To GAIN!
Gaining/creating respect between workers can be easily made by doing trust activities
or make them interact with each other. This allows them to bond and grow a sense of familiarity
between each other, feel personally connected in some way instead of being seen as another
random worker or boss in others eyes.
Another idea is showing feedback or general acknowledgement to the workers.
If a worker or boss says something and you have an opinion on, say it!
Show that you are listening to them and say your feelings and opinions on it,
and what you can do to act out said idea, this would then be done the same back to you, which leads to growing respect.

// How To USE!
Respect is a powerful tool, one example to this is how influential it is.
If you are a boss to a group of people, you obviously need to act like a leader and they follow suit,
but that is very hard when you are seen as some asshole with a heart of stone.
Then how would you fix that? Well with respect! Having and showing respect to the group
is important for a leader, and when it is done, you can expect the same treatment back,
allowing you to be a good leader overall.
To add onto this reason, this will help decrease overall arguments and conflicts, allowing more...
civilized discussions in different ideals, being more open and critic on the topic.
When respect is used at its peak, it can be very big in bonds, how efficient the business is,
how the business is seen from an outsider, and overall just allowing the business reach
to higher heights than it ever has before!

// }

// Why It Is Important
Respect in a business is like glue... it keeps people and the business together,
it doesn't make others feel like they useless or just a small cog doing nothing,
it makes them feel they are achieving something meaningful,
either to themselves or to a group effort... They feel like they did something good,
and that makes the work place just a better environment for everyone there.
Having little respect makes others feel inclined to not put in their all in the work,
as if it doesn't matter on what the result is as long it's good enough.
Sometimes businesses fail cause of the lack of respect shown to workers or bosses or the consumers,
and sometimes its also a obstacle holding back other businesses,
so it is best to make the effort and develope this respect as soon as you can!
