Andrew LaSalle
This WILL be expanded upon before the final product, so more writing will be added in the future,
this is just to get the basics/answers down without being too wordy,
detailed/too much in the why, or giving too much personality in the writing.

a. Easily readable definition of your topic

Respecting Colleagues: Having or showing belief in your allies/teammates/co-workers and their success as a whole.

b. Suggestions on how to implement the topic in a business
(This really shouldn't be "suggested", this should be a requirement.)

If "Implementing" is being used in how it can be GAINED:
Good ways to gain respect is establishing groupings and make them do trust activities
or do work thats intended for cooperation in some way.
Another way is to make workers get to know their neighbor workers, make them interact and build a bond in some way.
Showing feedback or acknowledgement to others opinions, ideas, or actions is another way to achieve this as well.

If "Implementing" is being used in how it can be USED:
Respect can be used for influence, gaining and showing respect gives you a bigger voice,
which is very important for big roles like Lead Roles so that your ideas can be heard and achieved.
It is also very helpful for preventing social problems like big disagreements, trust issues, or miscommunication.
Finally, the biggest reason, respect is used to help with bonds, better bonds with others would result in an overall better
and efficient work space, sometimes this respect can even allow the business to reach greater heights than before.

c. Why this is important to a business.

This is important to any and all businesses because respect is a very influential and big part in a working environment.
Respect in the business is like glue, it keeps people together,
it doesn't make others feel inclined to leave or feel apart in the whole effort.
Respect is also important for trust, having trust and belief in others is always important for group efforts,
little belief or trust would result in many issues that can arise later, which would harm the work's quality or being done at all.
